build fix and doc improvements (#488)
IATI/validator-services: README.md

2. If this confirms the tests are in sync, then edit / update the tests in Postman.

> 3. When done editin gin Postman, export from Postman again, format again, and commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When done editing in Postman, export from Postman again, format again, and commit.
```
